fix(search): gate explicit --mode semantic/hybrid when no server reachable (#819)
usercise/spelunk: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- **`spelunk search --mode semantic` (and `--mode hybrid`) now fail with an
  actionable error when no server is reachable, instead of silently reporting
  "No results found." and exiting 0.** These modes need a server to embed the

>   query, so with none reachable (including under `SPELUNK_NO_SERVER=1`) they now
>   emit the same locked-feature error as the other inference-backed commands
>   (`'spelunk search' requires spelunk-server. Run `spelunk server start` ...`)
>   and exit non-zero. Previously the empty fallback result read to an agent or
>   script as "this code does not exist" rather than "the feature is unavailable".
>   The default `auto` mode is unchanged: it still announces its degradation and
>   falls back to ast-grep.

Author: ```suggestion
- **`spelunk search --mode semantic` (and `--mode hybrid`) now fail with an
  actionable error when no server is reachable, instead of silently reporting
  "No results found." and exiting 0.** These modes need a server to embed the
  query, so with none reachable (including under `SPELUNK_NO_SERVER=1`) they now
  emit the same locked-feature error as the other inference-backed commands.
  The default `auto` mode is unchanged: it still announces its degradation and
  falls back to ast-grep.
```
